Modify Rule S2692: LaYC indexOf (#2200)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2692/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Most checks against an `indexOf` value compare it with -1 because 0 is a valid index. Checking against >0 ignores the first element, which is likely a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most checks against an `indexOf` value compare it with -1 because 0 is a valid index. Checking against `> 0` ignores the first element, which is likely a bug.
```

[source,java]
----
String name = "ishmael";

if (name.indexOf("ish") > 0) { // Noncompliant
  // ...
}
----

Moreover, if the intent is merely to check the inclusion of a value in a `String` or a `List`, consider using the `contains` method instead.

[source,java]
----
String name = "ishmael";

if (name.contains("ish") {
  // ...
}
----

> If the intent was really to skip the first element,
> comparing with `>=1` will make it clearer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the intent is really to skip the first element, comparing it with `>=1` will make it more straightforward.
```

[source,java]
----
String name = "ishmael";

if (name.indexOf("ish") >= 1) {
  // ...
}
----

> This rule raises an issue when an `indexOf` value retrieved either from a `String` or a `List` is tested against `>0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when an `indexOf` value retrieved from a `String` or a `List` is tested against `> 0`.
```
